I heard what you said to the dean just now
these
Is it all true?
every year
Sorry.
Mom, I'm sorry.
So many years
Make you feel wronged
Mom apologizes to you
Mom
You raised me
Have nurtured me
How can I blame you?
Mom
Don't worry.
About Luoxue Qing being your biological daughter
I won't say it
Mom, what's the matter with you?
Don't scare me!
Mom, don't worry.
I'll go to the dean in a while
I begged the dean to let him keep this a secret too
But you you
You should have had another life
Mrs. Ye shouldn't be in the dark either
You mother and daughter
I understand, I understand, do I understand?
I can take you
Give everything to Rocky
only ask
I just ask you not to leave me
child
I don't deserve to be your mother
It's my selfishness
Hurt to you
Too big sorry
Mom?
Mom, you will always be my mom
You are my only mother